Add support for SOCI V2 index generation [New] (#72)
awslabs/cfn-ecr-aws-soci-index-builder: README.md

# AWS SOCI Index Builder

This AWS solution automates the generation of Seekable OCI (SOCI) index artifacts and stores them in Amazon ECR. It provides an easy way for customers to try SOCI technology to lazily load container images.

## Overview

The AWS SOCI Index Builder solution consists of the following components:

1. **EventBridge Rule**: Triggers when an image is pushed to ECR
2. **ECR Image Action Event Filtering Lambda**: Filters ECR image push events based on repository and tag patterns
3. **SOCI Index Generator Lambda**: Generates SOCI index artifacts for the image and pushes them back to ECR

## SOCI Index Versions

The solution supports two versions of SOCI index:

> - **V1**: The original SOCI index format
> - **V2**: An improved format that provides better performance and reduced storage requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **V1**: The original SOCI index format based on the OCI referrers API
- **V2**: An improved format that attaches the SOCI index to an image directly
```
